README.md, before:

# ZF stands for Zig Fetch

This is an external tool to download Zig dependencies from Internet
and build local build cache. The motivation is to allow I download
dependencies when working on an environment that can't access Github
easily.

There are existing similar tools like
[zigfetch](https://zigcli.liujiacai.net/programs/zigfetch/) or
[zig-fetch-py](https://github.com/crosstyan/zig-fetch-py), they
do not always as expected.

[zigfetch](https://zigcli.liujiacai.net/programs/zigfetch/) tries to
solve the problem but it has a dependency to libCurl which is stuck
again. Sometimes I'm lucky to get Github randomly accessible, while
in most cases I have to download
[zig-fetch-py](https://github.com/crosstyan/zig-fetch-py) again.

[zig-fetch-py](https://github.com/crosstyan/zig-fetch-py) tries a
hardcore approach. It creates a Zon file parser written in
Python code, and try to mimic behavior of local cache behavior.
It works in most of the cases, with a small but annoying problem: it
skips downloading if hash is incorrect. This behavior blocks an
important trick for original ``zig fetch`` command when adding a new
dependency: we internally add a wrong hash to force ``zig fetch``
to tell us the correct hash.

I want to build a ``zig fetch`` tool without any external dependency,
so I can download and use it directly.

This effort may fail due to
[Issue 19878](https://github.com/ziglang/zig/issues/19878), but let's
see.

Commit message:

[DOC] Explain how ZF work.

README.md, after:

# ZF stands for Zig Fetch

This is an external tool to download Zig dependencies from Internet
and build local build cache. The motivation is to allow I download
dependencies when working on an environment that can't access Github
easily.

I want to build a ``zig fetch`` tool without any external dependency,
so I can download and use it directly.

This effort may fail due to
[Issue 19878](https://github.com/ziglang/zig/issues/19878), but let's
see.

## How does zf solve downloading issue

ZF leverages external Git command line tool to handle downloading
problem. This offers a simple approach to support different
protocols and URLs. Git command line has offered a solution to handle
functionalities: authentication, protocol handling and proxy.
The configuration is well documented from Internet.
By leveraging Git command line, ZF can make itself simple, without
any external dependency.

The approach comes with a draw back, that it adds an dependency to Git.
I believe this is not a problem in most situations, given most modern
developers should have Git installed on their coding environment.

Btw, the official ``zig fetch``` command solves this problem by
implementing a
[minimal Git clone](https://github.com/ziglang/zig/blob/master/src/Package/Fetch/git.zig)
This implementation does not provide all functionalities of Git clone.

## Similar tools (and why they do not always work)


There are existing similar tools like
[zigfetch](https://zigcli.liujiacai.net/programs/zigfetch/) or
[zig-fetch-py](https://github.com/crosstyan/zig-fetch-py), they
do not always as expected.

[zigfetch](https://zigcli.liujiacai.net/programs/zigfetch/) tries to
solve the problem but it has a dependency to libCurl which is stuck
again. Sometimes I'm lucky to get Github randomly accessible, while
in most cases I have to download
[zig-fetch-py](https://github.com/crosstyan/zig-fetch-py) again.

[zig-fetch-py](https://github.com/crosstyan/zig-fetch-py) tries a
hardcore approach. It creates a Zon file parser written in
Python code, and try to mimic behavior of local cache behavior.
It works in most of the cases, with a small but annoying problem: it
skips downloading if hash is incorrect. This behavior blocks an
important trick for original ``zig fetch`` command when adding a new
dependency: we internally add a wrong hash to force ``zig fetch``
to tell us the correct hash.
